---
layout: post
title: About This Website
date: 2020-01-06T20:01:19.723Z
author: Harvey Ramer
social_quote: I didn't work as a designer for long. My customers wanted websites, not brochures. More was required.
description: >-
  It has been a few years since I blogged regularly. But now it is time to share
  some of the things I have learned. Thank you for visiting!
tags:
  - technology
---

## I Am a Memphis-Based Web Developer

Though it seems like only a few years ago, it has been about 20 years since I graduated from school with a degree in visual communications. As the cliche goes, life is what happens when you're making other plans. I didn't work as a designer for long. My customers wanted websites, not brochures. More was required.

Responding to what my customers wanted, I began designing websites. I focused on aesthetics and portfolio-building code, but soon I learned what mattered to my customers. They wanted new customers and relationship-forming opportunities. A website needed to extend their business—to produce revenue.

Websites needed interactive features like contact forms and e-commerce, so yet again, I needed new skills. I learned to use PHP and JavaScript build more engaging websites on top of open source tools, especially WordPress.

## What to Expect

As time allows, I will add content to this website. I plan to write on Christian worldview issues related to theology and philosophy, technology, business, and even relationships. I tend to be clumsy in relating to others, so I hope to improve those skills with some reading and writing. There will be a smattering of articles related to business and marketing as well.
